Priorities for http://MyWalkThru.com

At Tenant Sign Up:

1. Remove User Name
2.Put a “next” Button That will take you to the next line of input that will automatically save all the most recent data input 
3.On Property Details - Defaults to be…
1.Property Type - HOUSE
2.# of Bedrooms - 3
3.# of Batherooms - 2
4.Don’t think we need to put # or 1/2 baths but am open for that.  Might want to make the Default 3 instead
5.When the next button is touched, can the cursor move to the next item in the queue?  SAME WITH ZIP
6.When City is input, have a “next” button to save and move to the next item.
7.Change Photo of Property Text to TAKE PHOTO OF FRONT OF HOUSE ( If the rental is on acreage this might be confusing)
8.Set Landlord Type Default at Company and change verbiage from Corporation to COMPANY
4.If they hit Sign UP before everything is input, “highlight” the items that are missing data input.

On the Categories:
1. Move Bedroom Master and Master Bathroom above Bedroom 2 
2.Move Bathroom 2 below Bedroom 4
3.Remove Entry, Bedroom 3, and Rear Exterior from the bottom of the Categories

Inside Categories:

Front Exterior
1.Front Exterior  Move Landscape - Trees to Coincide with Landscape - Yard and Landscape Shrubs
2.Put all “landscape” stuff together

Rear Exterior

1.Move Locks to right after Rear Door and change verbiage to Read Door - Locks
2.Move Secondary Locks to After REAR DOOR - Locks and change verbiage to Rear Door - Secondary Locks
3.Move Peep Hole to next to Rear Door and Change to Rear Door - Peep Hole

Entry
1. Change Front Door Interior to Front Door - Inside
2.Change Front Door Exterior to Front Door Outside
3.Then move Locks right after Inside and change to Front Door - Locks
4.Then add Front Door - Secondary Locks
5.Then have Front Door - Peep Hole

On GARAGE

1. Passage Man Door is good
2.Then change verbiage to Man Door - Locks
3.Man Door - Secondary Locks

Hallway / Stairway
1.  Add Light Fixture
2.Add Outlet/Switch Covers

Bedroom 2 Only has 4 items (Needs to duplicate Bedroom 3 with 13 items.
1. Additions

Bedroom 4 only has 3 items - Needs to Duplicate Bedroom 3 with 13 items.
1. Additions

Master Bedroom has 12 items - Needs to have same 13 as does Bedroom 3